our names what we're doing Oh kuna with
Arik Cairo note me
well iron will do err where's my piece
of people I can get one give you if you
land this QA will get your few speeds
okay so I got a question we have to
answer any questions seriously I don't
know Matt you say whatever I want
I guess though I guess it's in your
hands it's fix it you just make no
absolute sense at all are you gonna land
this jump for once you're not you're
gonna try it
don't do it
wait do it come on
no oh yeah oh yeah I'll do it oh no Jeff
no got my phone in my bucket my dears
little or all right cue daytime Brian go
get a question pulled up I'm working on
it
find your bookmaker page here hey don't
touch the cell phone don't do the swipey
thing the sign please
dog is at the top so Doug this
telephones now why wouldn't manual for
news manual and why manual oh yeah it
one because well the answer is a hard
question because it depends and on the
spot it depends on what I'm into it as a
perfect if it's for a perfect manual pet
if it's a perfect manual pad what do I
want to do more a manual or a nose
manual probably a nose manual because I
like to the nollie pop out so so
basically folks that an for all of you
both all of it yeah I like at all - Luke
Bennett wants to know what does Brian
Eames beard smell like that's disturbing
it smells a little bit like bloated Ohio
tater tots literally it literally
probably smells like that we don't know
for sure though because that's never
gonna happen
I offer all of our best dean he wants to
know what's the story behind the name
braille skateboarding
well Braille technically what it means
is it's this writing that blind people
read where they
your finger on it it's a bunch of little
dots right instant information instant
information and see skateboarders they
say this they have this saying where
they go I'm feeling it or they said they
definitely set it off by not feeling
this restaurant so it's kind of a play
on the words I'm feeling it because it's
like writing that you're feeling I'm
feeling it I'm not feeling it I like
that that's pretty good
hold on foreseen hold on just hold on
huh
Tom Kenny wants to know how does it feel
to go pro it feels amazing
I mean basically plus years and you're
just yeah I mean sucks yeah what do you
want to go into the pit for the first
time you get out of the pit and that's
fine don't tell penny yourself all right
this is officially weird let's not be
the 127 days later they're all going
right here keeping you right there
somehow all right Scotty do boy one that
wants to know how come you never answer
my questions I always asked why I never
get an answer still a fan though we're
answering your question right now Scotty
do boy one doe there is literally a
skeleton down there Maxime Duhamel wants
to know what's the hardest trick for you
um the hardest trick for me is probably
a fakie heelflip Bradley it's probably
an inward heel foot if you book both of
those together a fakie and Rodeo foot
that's impossible there are no literally
blocks the only time I've ever done it
is in a game of skate I offend you when
it counts yeah I did I guess right Jeff
you've learned 360 shelves against
meeting him escape yeah yeah hey
hardflip first time I ever let only time
I've ever tried it I'll land to the
first trying to escape except I'm
horrible at games of skate got Aaron
Carter his channel don't do that we
literally look like we're like
excavating for dinosaurs just oh here's
one
Brighton Robinson says who's Aaron Cairo
no idea me there don't know him don't
care
Aaron Aaron I have a question would you
walk through that ever
yes you would yeah dude look at look at
the rock it's like barely on that but
it's mostly on there dude I don't know
I'm not don't do it I'm not letting you
Jacob Fulbright wants to know half pipe
or full pipe I mean if you're gonna go
pipe you may as well go full pipe yeah
like why would you have half it thanks
Georgie for me it's like I'm not gonna
get to the half of the halfway so I
might as well put the whole thing on
there like at least I could shoot my
board up and have fun
Oh Jacob Dakota see receivers mustn't
know have you ever had a credit card nut
shot
credit card nut shot yeah I have for
sure good answer
thanks Troy Auto asks how did you get
involved with Andy and revive one day I
was on the internet and I was like who
is this weirdo with the red shirt all
the time I was really weird back then
too man it was it was disturbing we got
it we got to show the whole internet all
of your guys's old video parts are they
all on there ah you searched hard enough
I'm fine my our I think one of yours is
but they're all they're all replaced
music is not enjoyable anyways then I
just started watching Andy's Channel and
watching all his videos and then one day
I just I just messaged you I think it
was through YouTube you yeah you know
you you you to messaged me and said I
like what you're doing and why can I
ride for a reg I'm like yes the only
person you're the only person that came
to us and was like yeah but I'm glad we
did you're a perfect fit man by the
family you do realise now that you've
like said that out loud that's now
what's happening everybody is going to
know now yeah everyone's gonna wanna
sponsor bro revenge
just ask that made out any apart and
send it to me everyone's right oh you
did send me a video part I think
yeah but either way everyone asks like
not everyone a lot of people asks and
we're kind of books but we're we're
gonna open up sponsorships like any day
now but I don't know if force is easier
to get on let's just say that one yeah
this one comes with a visual Alban Stig
Borg says do you like cheese and you get
a look at the picture cuz I mention if
you didn't like cheese it kind of makes
you want to like cheese I was like
macaroni cheese
what's the best macaroni cheese ever
that is a great question because I love
cheese and on the subject of cheese out
here in Ohio you guys have some
incredible cheese would you quit early
Remiel it's like wake up eat cheese
punch cheese don't you share what your
girl cheese sandwich chill cheese on it
chili cheese yes a Christian goes man
without a lot of cheese yeah yeah we
actually have had a lot of cheese we've
eaten a lot that is the best observation
of the Midwest other amazing on the
subject of cheese
Benjamin Garrard wants to know would
never on David Blackburn jr. wants now
give Benjamin Benjamin is so bummed
ready yes are Benjamin David Blackman
jr. wasn't a Skylander gold star you
have never even had a gold star that's
the correct answer
no I got nothing against it now that he
gets gold service Collins better
scholars buddies gold star chili
it's like rival chili companies yeah
it's like you had Scott long you're not
a gopher though yeah well I'll just stay
I have to have gold star first before I
answer that sure what buckley wants to
know how do you learn new tricks in like
five ten is by putting a camera on
yourself and putting the pressure on
yourself and if you don't land it in
five to ten minutes you look like an
absolute retard dude yeah he's ruthless
he will post it watch not to keep bring
us up watch the game of skate a first
Brian it's gonna be his hair - it's
gonna be the worst again hey Davis
skates are so much harder when you're
being filmed it yeah it is so much
harder I didn't that's a weird thing for
me weird questions are so insane alright
Sean is taste a wants to know can you
eat a hard shell taco without turning
your head well it is taste a yes
jeez the cigarette is turn the hard
shell taco and then take it down well
then you would like dump no you can
leave the rap on oh yeah so yes you can
taco taco taco 101 hack Isaac's cows
Walsh's mmm Jason Park mmm
Jason Beghe dude but Robin Talley art
says can you make a how to Hospital flip
video you have one don't you I'm Sid
weed all you do the difference can you
do the difference you did it today I
learned I learned Hospital flips but
it's kind of like a like a how-to kind
of you get you go through the whole
process
yeah
one day I'll make it how to Hospital
flip video record your natal I am
alright Luke glass weight loss quotient
say last question last question Luke
Glanton listen to how long did it take
for you and your first trick and what
was it
my first chick ever took ever after the
ollie
after the ollie well I'm gonna tell you
the hallway first sudden gets more
interesting okay I think the ollie
literally I was like had nobody to show
me anything no trick tips anywhere and I
remember having a hose a garden hose
literally like that hi I'm trying to
ollie over it took me months good
probably six months I spent trying to
always God knows that is dedication is
dedication of a great answer the next
trick man I don't even know what it is I
have no idea you don't wear your
Photoshop it pops on first flip trick
was a heel flip same hands for sure same
here
yeah got ready in my house late at night
in my garage yeah like between two cars
like partially drives like the skinniest
area ever is that it was that done yeah
we're done we're done that's it we're
done head off head off alright now this
shoe
all right but that's it guys Aaron Cairo
thank you for doing this on my channel I
hope you guys dug that if you want to
see more from this dude his YouTube
channel is right down in the info and at
the end of this video so click on it
like it love it watch some more of it
cool cool cool watch you grabbed your
hat as you thought it exactly got the
camera
you